Wow. That took me quite a while to figure things out. I'm still a bit confused but it is coming together. I had issues with the Nav Bar but figured out a few things by looking them up on w3schools.com. How certain atributes need to be used under ul or il but not under "nav" alone. It took me 30 minutes to get the underline off of the Nav Bar. I guess I need to go back and read the basics. As far as layout method, I like the grid. I seem to understand it better and can make changes easier. But I like to know all the rules before I start. It took me a bit to figure out the "one" "two" "three" in the grid starting out were just place holders and not labels for the boxes. I tried to align them across the top of the boxes, wasted a lot of time to just realize we were removing them once we filled the boxes with content. I'm looking forward to learning more of the basic "rules" of coding and where things go in order. I think that's going to help me alot.

3/26/26
Learning how to format the footer and then adjusting it to basically make a templete I can copy and paste anywhere was very useful. During this learning process I also learned more about how to use the class structure. I already had a "footer" assigned in my CSS stylesheet and by adding this new information this week it threw my page out of whack. I had to reconfigure and make adjustment which worked out for the best because I learned more. The most important thing to me was the difference between margin and padding. Margin is the space outside of an element and padding is the space inside an element. This was important when I needed to add space between the footer box and my grid for the gallery. It worked for all my pages , as they are not as crowded anymore.
I like the flexbox at this point. I think I know more about it and how it works at this point. I look forward to learning more about the Grid because I am sure to like it also. 