Wow. That took me quite a while to figure things out. I'm still a bit confused but it is coming together. I had issues with the Nav Bar but figured out a few things by looking them up on w3schools.com. How certain atributes need to be used under ul or il but not under "nav" alone. It took me 30 minutes to get the underline off of the Nav Bar. I guess I need to go back and read the basics. As far as layout method, I like the grid. I seem to understand it better and can make changes easier. But I like to know all the rules before I start. It took me a bit to figure out the "one" "two" "three" in the grid starting out were just place holders and not labels for the boxes. I tried to align them across the top of the boxes, wasted a lot of time to just realize we were removing them once we filled the boxes with content. I'm looking forward to learning more of the basic "rules" of coding and where things go in order. I think that's going to help me alot.

3/26/26
Learning how to format the footer and then adjusting it to basically make a templete I can copy and paste anywhere was very useful. During this learning process I also learned more about how to use the class structure. I already had a "footer" assigned in my CSS stylesheet and by adding this new information this week it threw my page out of whack. I had to reconfigure and make adjustment which worked out for the best because I learned more. The most important thing to me was the difference between margin and padding. Margin is the space outside of an element and padding is the space inside an element. This was important when I needed to add space between the footer box and my grid for the gallery. It worked for all my pages , as they are not as crowded anymore.
I like the flexbox at this point. I think I know more about it and how it works at this point. I look forward to learning more about the Grid because I am sure to like it also. 

4/19/26
Fine tuning my site was actually fun. I found some text that was in different font and colors, so I made changes to make them match. I went through and updated my blog as if I would in real life. Good thing I did because the first entery sent everything out of alignment. I figured out my issue and made changes. I think it looks pretty good. I also added a Subscribe option on my home page. That was a good refresher in adding the button but also styling it. 
I chose a CSS Grid for my component. It looks very similar to the one we made before but I changed up the lines to make it look more like my example. 
I'm having fun in this class and I enjoy learning about all the different styles and layouts to be used. I get a bit confused when there is so much detail. But I take a step back, and dive in one line at a time.

4/26/2026
I learned so much while building my site. Pretty much everything. I find it fasinating how to use the flexbox and grid systems. It's going to take me a bit long to really get it down but I am trying and I plan on going back to the playground sites to play around. 
There were a few times I thought I had my color chosen but once they were together I had to make changes because they either didn't look quite right or I found it hard to read. The same with font sizes. I found some of the fonts were too small for me to read. But sometimes I think it's my computer. 
I plan to use all of these skills to build my own websites. I have my own business and I own a few web addresses but I have not set up my own site yet. I have them redirect to other third party accounts (etsy, avon) and such. So now I can make my own site and be creative.